Update JS lesson materials (#30)
rrcobb/wf-2: src/lessons/javascript-fundamentals/variables-and-datatypes.md

# Variables and Data Types

## Basics

> JavaScript has many of the same features as other programming languages, like Python. In this lesson, you'll see a quick tour of those features.

Author: ```suggestion
In this lesson, you'll see a quick tour of basic JavaScript features, starting with data types.

JavaScript knows about different kinds of data, such as:
```

<p></p>

<details><summary><strong>Further Reading</strong></summary>

Read more on the [let](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/let), [var](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/var) and [const](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/const) keywords on the MDN Site.

</details>

## Identifiers
As with any programming language, there are rules that guide the naming of variables (and functions). The name you give to a variable is called an identifier.

The following guidelines apply in JavaScript:
* Your identifiers should only contain lowercase letters `a-z`, uppercase letters `A-Z`, numbers `0-9` and the underscore `_`.
* Start your identifier with a letter. Numbers are not allowed.
* Identifiers are case sensitive.
* Do not use keywords as identifiers, since they are reserved words with special meaning. For example you cannot use the keyword `let` as an identifier. 
* Use names that are intuitive - that describe the variable- to make your code clearer.

## Naming Conventions

> As you saw with the variable names in the examples (such as`costPerHour`), JavaScript typically uses "camelCase" naming for variables and functions, instead of the "snake_case" that Python typically uses.

Author: ```suggestion
As you saw with the variable names in the examples (such as`costPerHour`), JavaScript typically uses "camelCase" naming for variables and functions.
```

</aside>

### Numbers

Numbers are represented by typing them literally, like `15` or `-3.14`. Numbers can be either positive, like `15` or negative, like `-3.14`. Numbers can be without fractions (integers),  or have decimal places (floating point numbers and doubles). You can also use the scientific notation to represent numbers. For example, `3.458e7` is equivalent to 3.458 X 10<sup>7</sup>. Both integers and decimals are represented as `Number` in JavaScript. <p></p>

**<i>Remember to use the  'Prev/Next' button to visualize the code execution.</i>**

<iframe width="800" height="370" frameborder="0" src="https://pythontutor.com/iframe-embed.html#code=//This%20is%20a%20number%20in%20JS%0Aconsole.log%285%29%0A%0A/*%20This%20is%20another%20number%0Aas%20expected,%20the%20comment%20is%20not%20visible%20in%20the%20output*/%0Aconsole.log%283.458e7%29&codeDivHeight=400&codeDivWidth=350&cumulative=false&curInstr=2&heapPrimitives=nevernest&origin=opt-frontend.js&py=js&rawInputLstJSON=%5B%5D&textReferences=false"> </iframe>

### Strings

> Strings are used to represent text. They are wrapped in single or double quotes like in Python. They can also be enclosed in backticks. Ensure you are consistent with your eneclosing characters, the quotes at the start and end of the string must match.

Author: ```suggestion
Strings are used to represent text. They are wrapped in single or double quotes. They can also be enclosed in backticks. Ensure you are consistent with your enclosing characters, the quotes at the start and end of the string must match.
```
